Profiler implementation for labs (#9546)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  application algorithms.
  [(#9459)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9459)

> * Added the :mod:`pennylane.labs.profiler` which allows users to profile the quantum resources of their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :mod:`pennylane.labs.profiler` which allows users to profile the quantum resources required for their
```

  application algorithms.
  [(#9459)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9459)

* Added the :mod:`pennylane.labs.profiler` which allows users to profile the quantum resources of their
  quantum workflows. This contains core functions and classes such as :class:`~.pennylane.labs.profiler.ProfileNode`, :func:`~.pennylane.labs.profiler.profile`, and :func:`~.pennylane.labs.profiler.export_flame_graph_data`.
  [(#9546)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9546)

  ```pycon
    >>> import pennylane.labs.estimator_beta as qre
    >>> from pennylane.labs.profiler import profile, export_flame_graph_data

>     ... def circuit():

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >>> def circuit():
```
